Check for Python x86 Interpreter on Apple Silicon Mac (#2760)
beeware/briefcase: changes/2736.bugfix.md

> Briefcase will warn user if using an x86 Python interpreter on an Apple silicon machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Briefcase will now prevent the user from using an x86_64 Python interpreter on an Apple Silicon machine.
```
